<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
  <title>Copyright</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/epub.css" />
  </head>
<body>
<h1>EDITORIAL COMMITTEE</h1>

<p>Georgia Benkart, Chair<br />
Howard Masur<br />
Robert Greene<br />
Tudor Ratiu</p>

<p>Financial support from the following is gratefully acknowledged:
Mary Washington College and the Navy-ASEE (American Society of
Engineering Education) via the Marine Corps Systems Command
Amphibious Warfare Directorate under the Marine Corps Exploratory
Development Program (MQ1A PE 62131M).</p>

<p>1991 <em>Mathematics Subject Classification</em>. Primary 20M20,20M18; Secondary 20M05, 05C60, 20M30, 20B30.</p>

<h2>Abstract</h2>

<p>With over 60 figures, tables, and
diagrams, the text is both an intuitive introduction to and
rigorous study of finite symmetric inverse semigroups. It turns
out that these semigroups enjoy many of the classical features of
the finite symmetric groups. For example, cycle notation,
conjugacy, cummutativity, parity of permutations, alternating
subgroups, Klein 4-group, Ruffini's result
on cyclic groups, Moore's presentations of the symmetric and
alternating groups, and the centralizer theory of symmetric groups
are extended to more general counterparts in the semigroups
studied here. We also classify normal subsemigroups, study
congruences, and illustrate and apply an Eilenberg-style wreath
product. The basic semigroup theory is further extended to partial
transformation semigroups, and the Reconstruction
Conjecture of graph theory is recast as a Rees ideal-extension conjecture.</p>

<p class="cip__loc"><strong>Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</strong></p>
<p class="cip__loc">Lipscomb, Stephen, 1944–</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   Symmetric inverse semigroups/Stephen Lipscomb.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">     p. cm. — (Mathematical surveys and monographs, ISSN 0076-5376 ; v. 46)</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   Includes bibliographical references and index.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   ISBN 0-8218-0627-0 (alk. paper)</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   1. Inverse semigroups. I. Title. II. Series: Mathematical surveys and monographs; no. 46.</p>
<p class="cip__loc"></p>
<p class="cip__loc">QA182.L56       1996                                           96-26968</p>
<p class="cip__loc">512′.2—dc20                                           CIP</p>

<p><strong>Copying and reprinting.</strong> Individual readers of this
publication, and nonprofit libraries acting for them, are permitted to
make fair use of the material, such as to copy select pages for use in
teaching or research. Permission is granted to quote brief passages
from this publication in reviews, provided the customary
acknowledgment of the source is given.</p>

<p>Republication, systematic copying, or multiple reproduction of any
material in this publication is permitted only under license from the
American Mathematical Society.  Requests for permission to reuse
portions of AMS publication content are handled by the Copyright
Clearance Center.  For more information, please visit
<a href="https://www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions">www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions</a>.</p>

<p>Send requests for translation rights and licensed reprints to <a href="mailto:reprint-permission@ams.org">reprint-permission@ams.org</a>.</p>

<p>© 1996 by the American Mathematical Society. All rights reserved.<br />
The American Mathematical Society retains all rights except those granted to the United States Government.</p>

<p>Visit the AMS home page at
<a href="https://www.ams.org/">https://www.ams.org/</a></p>

<p>ISBN: 978-1-4704-????-? (epub)</p>

<p>Version 1.0, ???</p>
</body></html>
<!-- ams-bookhtml v11.0.1 -->