<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
  <title>Copyright</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/epub.css" />
  </head>
<body>
<h1>Editorial Board</h1>

<p>Georgia M. Benkart<br />
Tudor Stefan Ratiu, Chair<br />
Peter Landweber<br />
Michael Renardy</p>

<p>1991 <em>Mathematics Subject Classification.</em> Primary 60H15; Secondary 35R60.</p>

<h2>Abstract</h2>

<p>Stochastic Partial Differential
Equations is an interdisciplinary area on the crossroads of
stochastic processes (random fields) and partial differential
equations. This volume presents the topic of SPDE's from different
perspectives, as seen by six groups of researchers working in the
most active and promising areas of the field. The goal of this book
is to indicate what the main topics of interest are in this
fascinating field, and where breakthroughs are being made today.</p>

<p>This book will be of interest to graduate students and researchers in various areas of Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Economics, etc.</p>

<p class="cip__loc"><strong>Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</strong></p>
<p class="cip__loc">Stochastic partial differential equations : six perspectives / Rene A. Carmona, Boris Rozovskii,</p>
<p class="cip__loc">editors.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">     p. cm. — (Mathematical surveys and monographs, ISSN 0076-5376 ; v. 64)</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   Includes bibliographical references (p. – ) and index.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   ISBN 0-8218-0806-0 (alk. paper)</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   1. Stochastic partial differential equations.  I. Carmona, R. (René) II. Rozovskiĭ, B. L. (Boris</p>
<p class="cip__loc">L′vovich)  III. Series: Mathematical surveys and monographs ; no. 64.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">QA274.25.S746  1998                                                                        98-38392</p>
<p class="cip__loc">519.2—dc21                                                                                      CIP</p>

<p><strong>Copying and reprinting.</strong> Individual readers of this
publication, and nonprofit libraries acting for them, are permitted to
make fair use of the material, such as to copy select pages for use in
teaching or research. Permission is granted to quote brief passages
from this publication in reviews, provided the customary
acknowledgment of the source is given.</p>

<p>Republication, systematic copying, or multiple reproduction of any
material in this publication is permitted only under license from the
American Mathematical Society.  Requests for permission to reuse
portions of AMS publication content are handled by the Copyright
Clearance Center.  For more information, please visit
<a href="https://www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions">www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions</a>.</p>

<p>Send requests for translation rights and licensed reprints to
<a href="mailto:reprint-permission@ams.org">reprint-permission@ams.org</a>.
</p>

<p>© 1999 by the American Mathematical Society. All rights reserved.<br />
The American Mathematical Society retains all rights except those granted to the United States Government.</p>

<p>Visit the AMS home page at
<a href="https://www.ams.org/">https://www.ams.org/</a></p>

<p>ISBN: 978-1-4704-????-? (epub)</p>

<p>Version 1.0, ???</p>
</body>


</html>
<!-- ams-bookhtml v11.0.1 -->