<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
  <title>Copyright</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/epub.css" />
  </head>
<body>
<p>1980 <em>Mathematics Subject Classification</em> (1985 <em>Revision</em>). Primary 34B25, 35P25, 58F07.</p>
<p class="cip__loc"><strong>Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</strong></p>
<p class="cip__loc">Beals, Richard, 1938-</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   Direct and inverse scattering on the line/Richard Beals, Percy Deift, and Carlos Tomei.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   p. cm. – (Mathematical surveys and monographs)</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   Bibliography: p.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   ISBN 0-8218-1530-X (alk. paper)</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   1. Scattering (Mathematics)  2. Inverse scattering transform.  I. Deift, Percy, 1945-.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">II. Tomei, Carlos.  III. Title.  IV. Series.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   QA329.B43   1988                                                                    88-14487</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   515.7′24 – dc19                                                                          CIP</p>

<p><strong>Copying and reprinting.</strong> Individual readers of this
publication, and nonprofit libraries acting for them, are permitted to
make fair use of the material, such as to copy select pages for use in
teaching or research. Permission is granted to quote brief passages
from this publication in reviews, provided the customary
acknowledgment of the source is given.</p>

<p>Republication, systematic copying, or multiple reproduction of any
material in this publication is permitted only under license from the
American Mathematical Society.  Requests for permission to reuse
portions of AMS publication content are handled by the Copyright
Clearance Center.  For more information, please visit
<a href="https://www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions">www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions</a>.</p>

<p>Send requests for translation rights and licensed reprints to
<a href="mailto:reprint-permission@ams.org">reprint-permission@ams.org</a>.
</p>

<p>Copyright © 1988 by the American Mathematical Society. All rights reserved.<br />
The American Mathematical Society retains all rights except those granted to the United States Government.</p>

<p>Visit the AMS home page at
<a href="https://www.ams.org/">https://www.ams.org/</a></p>

<p>ISBN: 978-1-4704-????-? (epub)</p>

<p>Version 1.0, ???</p>
</body></html>
<!-- ams-bookhtml v11.0.1 -->