<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
  <title>Copyright</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/epub.css" />
  </head>
<body>
<p>This research was supported in whole or in part by the United States Air Force under Contract No. AF 49 (638)–291 monitored by the AF Office of Scientific Research of the Air Research and Development Command.</p>
<p>2000 <em>Mathematics Subject Classification</em>. Primary 30-XX; Secondary 11-XX.</p>
<p class="cip__loc"><strong>International Standard Serial Number 0076-5376</strong></p>
<p class="cip__loc"><strong>International Standard Book Number 0-8218-1508-3</strong></p>
<p class="cip__loc"><strong>Library of Congress Catalog Card Number: 63-11987</strong></p>

<p><strong>Copying and reprinting.</strong> Individual readers of this
publication, and nonprofit libraries acting for them, are permitted to
make fair use of the material, such as to copy select pages for use in
teaching or research. Permission is granted to quote brief passages
from this publication in reviews, provided the customary
acknowledgment of the source is given.</p>

<p>Republication, systematic copying, or multiple reproduction of any
material in this publication is permitted only under license from the
American Mathematical Society.  Requests for permission to reuse
portions of AMS publication content are handled by the Copyright
Clearance Center.  For more information, please visit
<a href="https://www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions">www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions</a>.</p>

<p>Send requests for translation rights and licensed reprints to
<a href="mailto:reprint-permission@ams.org">reprint-permission@ams.org</a>.
</p>

<p>Copyright © 1964 by the American Mathematical Society. All rights reserved.<br />
The American Mathematical Society retains all rights except those granted to the United States Government.</p>

<p>Visit the AMS home page at
<a href="https://www.ams.org/">https://www.ams.org/</a></p>

<p>ISBN: 978-1-4704-????-? (epub)</p>

<p>Version 1.0, ???</p>
</body></html>
<!-- ams-bookhtml v11.0.1 -->