<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" dir="ltr" lang="en"><head><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport"/><title>Preface</title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/epub.css"/></head><body>
  
  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
    
      
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
      
    
  
  
    
  
<section data-filename="Part-0005.xhtml" id="ltxid6" data-ams-doc-level="0" role="doc-preface">
      
        <h1 class="chapter"><span class="chapter__title" data-ams-doc="title">Preface</span></h1>
      
      
        <p>Much has been written on the theory of discontinuous groups and automorphic functions since 1880, when the subject received its first formulation. The purpose of this book is to bring together in one place both the classical and modern aspects of the theory, and to present them clearly and in a modern language and notation. The emphasis in this book is on the fundamental parts of the subject.</p>
        <p>In writing the book I had in mind three classes of readers: graduate students approaching the subject for the first time, mature mathematicians who wish to gain some knowledge and understanding of automorphic function theory, and experts. For the first class Chapter <span class="refgroup" data-ams-refrange="null" data-ams-ref="null" data-ams-doc="refgroup"><a data-ams-ref="sec" href="../Text/Part-0008-0.xhtml#ltxid78">II</a></span> was included; with this chapter the book is almost self-contained. The first chapter, an historical account, is in my opinion essential to an understanding of the whole theory; I hope, in any event, that it will make interesting reading. Chapters <span class="refgroup" data-ams-refrange="null" data-ams-ref="null" data-ams-doc="refgroup"><a data-ams-ref="sec" href="../Text/Part-0009.xhtml#ltxid231">III</a></span> to <span class="refgroup" data-ams-refrange="null" data-ams-ref="null" data-ams-doc="refgroup"><a data-ams-ref="sec" href="../Text/Part-0013-0.xhtml#ltxid688">VII</a></span> develop the basic and more classical theory; Chapters <span class="refgroup" data-ams-refrange="null" data-ams-ref="null" data-ams-doc="refgroup"><a data-ams-ref="sec" href="../Text/Part-0014-0.xhtml#ltxid794">VIII</a></span> to <span class="refgroup" data-ams-refrange="null" data-ams-ref="null" data-ams-doc="refgroup"><a data-ams-ref="sec" href="../Text/Part-0017-0.xhtml#ltxid1005">XI</a></span>, the more modern developments. In Chapter <span class="refgroup" data-ams-refrange="null" data-ams-ref="null" data-ams-doc="refgroup"><a data-ams-ref="sec" href="../Text/Part-0012-0.xhtml#ltxid593">VI</a></span> a connection is made with the theory of Riemann surfaces. A section of NOTES at the end of the book provides additional material and textual comment and criticism.</p>
        <p>The book is essentially restricted to functions of a single complex variable. In the last chapter a sketch of the theory for several variables is presented. I hope that this chapter will excite the enthusiasm of readers and make them want to consult the large and rapidly growing literature in this relatively new field, which already has so many accomplishments to its credit. At the present time there seems to he no comprehensive account of this subject.</p>
        <p>On the next page I shall detail the many debts incurred in the writing of this book. There is one debt, however, that must be mentioned specially; it is the one I owe to my teacher and friend, Hans Rademacher. I first learned about the subject of this book from him, and his many-sided and continuing interest in mathematics will always be a strong incentive for me to go on.</p>
        <span data-ams-doc="attribution"><em>April</em>, 1963</span>
      
    </section></body></html>