<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
  <head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
  <title>Copyright</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/epub.css" />
  </head>
<body>
<h1>EDITORIAL COMMITTEE</h1>

<p>Georgia M. Benkart<br />
Tudor Stefan Ratiu, Chair<br />
Peter Landweber<br />
Michael Renardy</p>

<p>2000 <em>Mathematics Subject Classification.</em> Primary 00-XX, 01-XX, 12-XX, 13-XX, 16-XX; Secondary 03-XX, 06-XX, 08-XX, 14-XX, 15-XX, 18-XX.</p>

<p>For additional information and updates on this book, visit <a href="https://www.ams.org/bookpages/surv-65">www.ams.org/bookpages/surv-65</a></p>

<p class="cip__loc"><strong>Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</strong></p>
<p class="cip__loc">Faith, Carl Clifton, 1927–</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   Rings and things and a fine array of twentieth century associative algebra / Carl Faith.—2nd</p>
<p class="cip__loc">ed.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">     p. cm. — (Mathematical surveys and monographs, ISSN 0076-5376 ; v. 65)</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   Includes bibliographical references and indexes.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   ISBN 0-8218-3672-2</p>
<p class="cip__loc">   1. Associative algebras.  2. Associative rings.  3. Modules (Algebra)  I. Title.  II. Mathematical</p>
<p class="cip__loc">surveys and monographs ; no. 65.</p>
<p class="cip__loc">QA251.5.F355   2004                                                                </p>
<p class="cip__loc">512′.46—dc22                                                                               2004052844</p>

<p><strong>Copying and reprinting.</strong> Individual readers of this
publication, and nonprofit libraries acting for them, are permitted to
make fair use of the material, such as to copy select pages for use in
teaching or research. Permission is granted to quote brief passages
from this publication in reviews, provided the customary
acknowledgment of the source is given.</p>

<p>Republication, systematic copying, or multiple reproduction of any
material in this publication is permitted only under license from the
American Mathematical Society.  Requests for permission to reuse
portions of AMS publication content are handled by the Copyright
Clearance Center.  For more information, please visit
<a href="https://www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions">www.ams.org/publications/pubpermissions</a>.</p>

<p>Send requests for translation rights and licensed reprints to
<a href="mailto:reprint-permission@ams.org">reprint-permission@ams.org</a>.
</p>

<p>© 2004 by the American Mathematical Society. All rights reserved.<br />
The American Mathematical Society retains all rights except those granted to the United States Government.</p>

<p>Visit the AMS home page at
<a href="https://www.ams.org/">https://www.ams.org/</a></p>

<p>ISBN: 978-1-4704-????-? (epub)</p>

<p>Version 1.0, ???</p>
</body>


</html>
<!-- ams-bookhtml v11.0.1 -->