<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" dir="ltr" lang="en"><head><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" name="viewport"/><title>Dedication</title><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/epub.css"/></head><body>
  
  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
    
      
        
        
      
    
  
  
    
  
<section epub:type="dedication" data-filename="Part-0001.xhtml" role="doc-dedication" id="ltxid2" data-ams-doc="null" data-ams-doc-level="0">
      
        
      
      
        <p>
          <strong>Dedications</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To my wife: Molly Kathleen Sullivan</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>You are my sun</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>You are my moon</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>You are my day</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>You are my night</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>My lodestar</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>My terra incognita</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>My guiding light</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>My terra firma</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>My earth</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>My sky</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>My heaven</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>Mi luna caliente</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>Mi manzana carnal</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>Y el pequeño infinito</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>Tuyo es mi vida!</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To the memory and love of Mama: Vila Belle Foster</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>“<em>So mayest thou</em>, ’<em>till suddenly like a ripe fruit, drop in thy mother’s lap</em>.”</p>
        <p>(from Paradise Lost by John Milton)</p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To the memory and love of Dad, Herbert Spencer Faith</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p><em>And his gentleness, kindness and passion for reading</em>.</p>
        <p>
          <strong>For my daughter, Heidi Lee, Numero Uno</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p><em>Your heroism in saving two Princeton University students from drowning in Lake Carnegie where they fell through the ice when you were just fifteen, won you a Red Cross Medal and taught me what greatness truly is: Nobody I know has ever done anything as great. And congratulations on your induction into the Rutgers Sports Hall of Fame in Lacrosse and Field Hockey</em>.</p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To my “little” brother: Frederick Thomas Faith</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p><em>You taught me the meaning, and the sweetness, of the word brother: May all your parachute leaps land you on feather beds</em>.</p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To my son: Zeno⁠<a epub:type="noteref" id="ltxid3-reflink-0" role="doc-noteref" data-ams-ref="fn" href="#ltxid3"><sup>1</sup></a></strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p><em>For your dedication to CISPES, the El Salvador support organization, as director both in Detroit and Minneapolis, for making the long trek to San Salvador in a caravan of forty trucks full of medical, food and other needed supplies. And for your training in music at Rutgers’ Mason Gross School for Arts and the New England Conservatory of Music that enabled you to apply your perfect pitch to tuning Steinways at Steinway in Manhattan, New York City. And for that New York Irish lass, Jill Bowling, your wife, who lights up our lives, and for both of you following Thoreau’s advice on civil disobedience to oppose oppressive local, national, and international government policies</em>.</p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To my son: Japheth</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p><em>For showing that minimal algebras of types two and four are not computable in your Berkeley Ph.D. Thesis, May 23, 1997. Congratulations and thank you. You may be the only one in the family who can read this book! And thanks for putting the corrections in AMS-TeX for the revision: A true gift of love</em>.</p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To my son: Malachi</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p><em>For your linguistic skills in Latin, Spanish, French and Portuguese (among others) which you are passing on to the new generation as a teacher, and formerly as a court translator. And for your gift of friendship for people both Americans and of other lands which has so enriched our family life, especially for your Bangladeshi wife, Jhilam Iqbal, and her family</em>.</p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To my son (El niño): Ezra</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>For winning honors at your Rutgers graduation, May 22, 1997: Chemistry, Phi Beta Kappa, Hypercube, the Howard Hughes Research Award, and College Honors. And after receiving Fellowship offers for graduate school in environmental chemistry from Berkeley, UCLA, the University of Texas at Austin, University of Washington, Seattle, and the University of Colorado at Boulder, for receiving your Ph.D. at Berkeley. Congratulations! (I’m in awe.)</em>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <strong>To a friend: Barbara Lou Miller</strong>
        </p>
        <p>
          <i> </i>
        </p>
        <p>
          <em>You are the sine qua non of this book. Your skill and art in compositing at the computer, and the spunk it takes to do it, are inspirational. You have in jurisprudence terms aided and abetted me on every page (not that writing a book per se is a criminal offense, but maybe the way I write is ?)</em>
        </p>
      
    <section><h2>Footnotes</h2><div epub:type="footnote" id="ltxid3" aria-label="Footnote 1" role="doc-footnote"><p><a aria-label="Return to reference." epub:type="backlink" role="doc-backlink" href="#ltxid3-reflink-0"><span data-ams-doc="label"><sup>1</sup></span></a> The patronymic of Molly’s sons, whom I adopted, is Wood</p></div></section></section></body></html>